---
title: Collected questions for the developers
description: DeFiChain-Wiki as a hub for all questions asked. Maintained by the community.
---

### Problem: {#problem}

It turns out to be difficult to efficiently pass on the knowledge of the
DeFiChain developers to the community. Important information is
clarified by Julian via YouTube or through general blog posts. However,
detailed information about the technical background is not shared on
these platforms. Many community members have unanswered questions and do
not know how to best get this information to improve their own
understanding of the technology. Questions are often asked twice,
answered multiple times, and yet appear over and over again.

### Solution: {#solution}

All technical questions concerning the understanding of the DeFiChain
technology are collected here on this page. The wiki is open, so anyone
can create a question. Members can also correct the questions of other
users to make the question more accurate and precise. Moderators review
the page to ensure that no questions are duplicated. Any information
that has already been added to the wiki does not need to be asked again.

At a certain interval, the questions are then sent to the developers.
Once the developers have answered the questions, they are published by
the moderators. Additionally, all information will be added to the
existing pages in the wiki. For topics that are not yet recorded in the
wiki, the moderators create a new page to make the new information
easily accessible.

The wiki also includes a copy of the white paper. The original white
paper is no longer correct in all respects. On the wiki, the white paper
should be adapted so that all information corresponds to the current
circumstances.

[--\> White paper](./Updated_White_Paper.md)
